### README.md

# KRC20 Forest Seeker

## Description
A simple command-line tool to retrieve and analyze transactions involving KRC20 tokens.

## Features
### TRANSACTIONS RETRIEVAL
SINGLE TICKER
- Retrieve transactions file for a wallet and a KRC20 ticker
- Retrieve multiple transactions files for a batch of wallets and a KRC20 ticker
- Retrieve full transactions file for a KRC20 ticker (SNAPSHOT input file)
<!-- -->
ALL TICKERS
- Retrieve transactions file for a wallet and all KRC20 tickers

### BALANCES CALCULATION (SHAPSHOT)
SINGLE TICKER
- Calculate balance for a wallet and a KRC20 ticker from a transactions file
- Compute balance SNAPSHOT file for a KRC20 ticker from a full transactions file
- Compute balance SNAPSHOT file at a specific opscore for a KRC20 ticker from a full transactions file")
<!-- -->

## Author
This software is brought to you by **on3ir0s** and the **Kastor´s $FOREST** team. \
Visit [Kastor´s $FOREST profile on X](https://x.com/KastorsForest) and discover our world! 

## License
This project is open-source and licensed under the MIT License.

## External dependencies
This software uses the public Kasplex APIs to retrieve the KRC20 transactions data. It has no other external dependency or requirement.

## Use
### Prerequisites
- **python 3**; testing has been performed with version **3.13.1**
- **git**, if the dedicated command will be used to clone the repo (see below)

### Creation of a virtual environment
It is recommended to use a virtual environment to manage dependencies. \
Create and activate one within a folder of your choice:
```sh
cd C:\[Folder]\[Of]\[Choice]
python -m venv venv
venv\Scripts\activate
```

### Download from GitHub
Download the project from GitHub, use the following command:
```sh
git clone https://github.com/on3ir0s/KRC20-ForestSeeker.git
```

### Installation of required modules
Install the required modules using pip:
```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Launch
Launch the program from the command prompt:
```sh
python main.py
```

## Relevant folder: the 'files_io' input-output folder
The input-output folder for all files read and generated by the program is called 'files_io' and it is located within the directory containing the file main.py. Look in there if you can´t find what you are looking for!

## Known bugs and limitations
- **B**: The retrieval of a full transactions file for a KRC20 ticker (SNAPSHOT input file) still presents some issues and, under certain circumstances, a second retrieval process might start. In this case the progress indicator start displaying alternating statuses with different numbers of transactions. In such case, or if the progress indicator does not show any progress for longer than 20 seconds, simply press CTRL+C and follow the instructions on the screen.
- **L**: This software currently does not include a help file / use instructions

## Donations
If you like this work and you want to provide a small contribution to its author and the team, you can send some Kaspa or any KRC20 token to the following wallet: **kaspa:qpjt23hjcgsdmsq0zjtnswjrttdsk676qfm6p3r6ykn3e6yjtnw36ynyjve48** \
\
Any donation will be immensely appreciated!
